This is CFG Columbus Team 9 2023's CTRL - R website for Pyramid CDC.

Nonprofit Pyramid CDC's mission is to empower individuals and communities to embrace computer technology and entrepreneurship readiness programming to overcome economic barriers.  Atune to their mission, the goal of Team 9 is to create a solution using technology to help the organization continue to engage students in meaningful digital literacy education regardless of student location, transportation ability, or technology available; to provide education in technology with a user-friendly website that epitomizes simplicity and accessibility. By bridging the digital divide, we aim to provide a platform where quality learning is free and universally accessible. Whether on a smartphone, tablet, or desktop, our adaptive interface ensures that anyone can harness the power of technology education without barriers.

This project uses React.js, HTML, and CSS for the front-end side of the site, and Express.js, Node.js, and PostgreSQL for the back-end side of the site.
 <br /> <br /> The code ("Code") in this repository was created solely by the student teams during a coding competition hosted by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. ("JPMC"). JPMC did not create or contribute to the development of the Code. This Code is provided AS IS and JPMC makes no warranty of any kind, express or implied, as to the Code, including but not limited to, merchantability, satisfactory quality, non-infringement, title or fitness for a particular purpose or use.